Your time of death has come
Hold him down for me
Who asked you to tie him up?
Ah Fei is not what you see
I just want to ask for help for you.
Did I teach you to do this?
Let go of me
You actually did it for him
Even our feelings and interests for so many years
Did you ignore it?
Ah!
For the sake of you accompanying me for many years
I just saved your life
Good idea.
How dare you do this to me for this stinky bitch
Don't forget that if it weren't for me
You're not even as good as your mouth
Brother Fei, do you know what you did to Sister Hong for me?
Your status in the future?
More noble than that yellow-faced woman
Master Lin is coming to play cards tonight
Take care of it.
It's Brother Fei, haha.
Sister Hong
Sister Hong, this is
This is a domestic vegetable merchant commonly used by Fei Ge
And Cullen's List
All victims' personal information and bank cards
It's all in his hands
Don't you remember?
To expose him
Sister Hong, are you serious?
Since Fei Ge doesn't need me anymore
Then he will die together
Anyway, my identity is already a dead man in China
No one can catch me now